Refactor wifi shell and samples (#80636)
zephyrproject-rtos/zephyr: samples/net/wifi/README.rst

.. zephyr:code-sample-category:: wifi
   :name: Wi-Fi
   :show-listing:

>    These samples demonstrate how to connect Zephyr devices to various Wi-Fi services.

Reviewer: just spotted this, sorry (and looks like you still need a push to fix the TI CC boards docs anyways)
wording doesn't sound right and looks like a hasty copy-paste from the Cloud (services) samples

```suggestion
   These samples demonstrate various Wi-Fi use cases for boards that support it.
```

or something along these lines?
